reword reference to APM in plane introduction (#3563)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: plane/source/docs/introduction.rst

.. note::

>    *Supported hardware is designed to easily integrate with most standard RC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *ArduPilot supported autopilots and peripherals are designed to easily integrate with most standard RC
```

Author: Ok
